= Wysiwyg

Simple WYSIWYG plugin with image upload support.
Based on LWRTE[http://code.google.com/p/lwrte/]
and ocupload[http://code.google.com/p/ocupload/].

== Dependencies

Javascript:
- jQuery

Rails plugins
- paperclip
- responds_to_parent


= Installation

Install the plugin:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/agilitic/wysiwyg.git

Run the generator:
  script/generate wysiwyg

The generator will create
- a controller: wysiwyg_pictures_controller
- a wysiwyg_picture route
- a model: wysiwyg_pictures
- a migration file
- a wysiwyg directory in the public/ folder

= Usage

Tweak the wysiwyg_picture model to suit your need (e.g., paperclip params).

Include the JS and CSS into your views:

  <%= stylesheet_link_tag '/wysiwyg/wysiwyg' %>
  <%= javascript_include_tag '/wysiwyg/wysiwyg' %>

To transform a textarea into a WYSIWYG:

  $(document).ready(function(){

	wysiwygSetup({
		textarea_id:'content_nl_editor',
		picture_action_url:'/wysiwyg_pictures',
		link_buttons: true,
		heading_selection: true;
		width:620
	});

	wysiwygSetup({
		textarea_id:'content_fr_editor',
		all : true
		width:620
	});
  });

Options:
* textarea_id: the DOM id of the textarea to decorate.
* width: the width of the editor (default: 600px).

By default, a basic wysiwyg is displayed (bold, underline, italic and strikethrough).
If you want to provide more controls to your users, you can use the following options.
* link_buttons set it to true to show link/unlink buttons
* indent_buttons set it to true to show indent/outdent buttons
* itemize_buttons set it to true to show itemize button
* heading_selection set it to true to show heading level dropbox
* font_selection set it to true to show font selection dropbox
* size_selection set it to true to show text size dropbox
* color_selection set it to true to show choose color button

If you want all of them, you can specify "all" (see the example above).

* picture_action_url: pictures uploaded by the user will be sent at this path. If you use the generated controller, set the options to "/wysiwyg_pictures".



= Notes

- By default, the uploaded pictures are stored in /public/system/wysiwyg_pictures/.

Copyright (c) 2009 Aurélien Malisart & François Stéphany, agilitic, released under the MIT license
